[PLAT-10826] React Native example (#330)
bugsnag/bugsnag-js-performance: examples/rn072/README.md

This is a new [**React Native**](https://reactnative.dev) project, bootstrapped using [`@react-native-community/cli`](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli).

# Getting Started

> >**Note**: Make sure you have completed the [React Native - Environment Setup](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) instructions till "Creating a new application" step, before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note**: Make sure you have completed the [React Native - Environment Setup](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) instructions up to "Creating a new application" step, before proceeding.
```
